
I have an undergrad degree in **Computer Science**. One of the courses I took was based on *Web Technology* and I built a website on **7 wonders of the world** (new as well as ancient) as my final project. I designed the web pages using **HTML** and **CSS**. For the final year project, I created an *encryption software* using **java** technology. The encryption code on the sender as well the receiver systems enabled sharing of sensitive information using a simple conversion method to encrypt or decrypt, rendering the text unintelligible to anyone who does not have the software installed on their system. I was employed as a **Software Developer** for past 6 years, working on **IBM BPM** technology to develop applications. BPM stands for **Business Process Management**, first introduced by *Lombardi* and later acquired by IBM, hence the name **IBM BPM**. The application handled day-to-day business activities of a company such as processing Invoices, maintaining accounts, journals and a master data system as well as a ticketing system for any queries related to those activities.

While I knew how to design the application and connect it to a database, I realized that I did not know much about the back end that connected both the application as well as the database together. I believe learning *full stack development* to create front end as well as back end will help me understand the underlying architecture of an application. The opportunity to learn *Vue* and other frameworks and technologies will help me build new skills to enhance my career in **IT**. It will give me an added advantage as a graduate student skilled in not just *programming* but in *web development* as well. Furthermore, someone in my social circle always asks if I can build a website for them and I always decline, saying I do not know enough about building a website. But, after learning this course, I think I will have enough **confidence** to say yes in future to create a *website*.
